for both sunshine welcome here
my youtube channel joel and today we are going
However, there are some doubts
appeared on the fifa game 16 offers a
restricted group of people have access to
This is a goal and they came
Any questions I'm going to bring to you?
here in this trio carlos pinto
rabbit just here the great latifundio
to help to help also places
time is a fifa slope sharing
with the video and that's it did not
is written on the channel subscribes the channel
to have access and has no chance and did
or feet and on the world of video games in
general but intends to speak to one of the
guests of this new 16
rest for at least is that the
not so very different numbers
but this has undergone some changes to
background level we have now the menus
with blue background that makes in my optics
a cleaner bottom and appears in spite of
be equal value
the idea is for those who play for a long time
we made the idea of ​​a certain different
which turns out to be somewhat
positive
it involves teams present in this beta
is 16 000 could then just jump
four of those teams that save the zone
from the knot of manchester city and will call
the main power channels of the
european football
the first great novelty and inclusion
of climate change how it works
already confirmed will also have changes
require the following:
form the game the quit game shower and
then in the end i can come back
again at the end of the game with
snow then again year will work out
that's how it works with the changes
in this tournament or chart is that
we have not numbered
the game is almost equal to fifa and
15 years came to be cold even in this
aspect that the f-16 grows huge
commercial gets 15 ex ghetto level
we have important things here and things
positive
the game in hiring a more investment
slow because he agreed to
the abuse of the Portuguese country of society
debtor collect and how do they
they did this and one of the now impossible
but it is already 1 in both defenses what
happens when you start to reap the
your opponents good as behind and
did not seem so easily the position
happened in the past it will only begin to
we can not keep up with
the advance of Jorge Durán is our
team mate look good too
to the tried to guard having the positions
now is visible in time when you
begins to advance 1 people starts to descend
would gradually try to jump
them and try to keep their
defense level positions also have
here is a new state company that is the
them fair to try to
dissipate the advanced
we even really wanted to
we even have three options we have the position
passive
we have the normal option and the possible option is
can our children will
try france to launch it
irrespective of the position
because it can go wrong because
this defensive position brought in
always even if it is in position p 35
and it may be somehow to kill ducks
easily to the normal position
sena windows will try whenever
I have an opportunity I'll try
participate but did not try very hard
thing and we have the passive position is that
defenses simply help more consumption
and never be content in itself by then the
because it is the same as
apparently they did 3d ladder or
stones and and depending on the
position of the front position
player must have different teams of
animations in the woods
only the staff one thing is not the thing
more beautiful a thing but explore or
exp.
spontaneous thing that I think I did not
spend a lot for certain and not
of that emotion in his battle so that the
goal on the ball on the pole is an almost
normal one person passes
it was better practically a proposal
then we have that it will not stay that
tape of the body a little to the image of the messi
is that the tapes will perform tapping
Italo then it is the river for you
press I played a little loose in the
ball and the tapes you make the
player will move on one side pro
other by positive feedback is
made that are very difficult to
to execute and in a certain way maybe
spend a little next door is one of the
more casual players will hold
return to invest in your father learn to
make genre tapes but I believe it 's a
of the most hardcore groups and I have pleasure
at each time but after these tapes
may be useful or are 23
merely aesthetic in that in practice
not good to bring new today we have to
wait to see how the project works
makes it difficult to perform a
great difference just to be
in goiás where it is 15 because here a
negative aspect, several athletes were
very bad
were many chickens but I also know the
They are expecting an old goal and I have
I was working currently can not
play more advanced with many lowered
have already been corrected and hopefully
that we do not need delicacies to be
corrected because the second child here
a 40 is even very very bad
because it is our father 's friend 's habits
God for him presented himself and
until May to be in the taxi that was
in the belt of habits - I exercise fifa
16 feet seems like a huge head
killing fifa and 15 will bet on itahum
slower game does not give so much poetry
country to measure construction
plays with passes with feints a
very sure and I think it's clear that the
personal use of the game to the patient
country for running and feeling some
difficulties on this day 16
and here is the sun that you really are not looking for
to play on the cruise we were from fifa was
the soccer field but he was
I thought of fifa 16
and this all we have here is to see in this
target even have to leave this
that we have to wait for the
final version
what is the clear course that will bring
greenhouse 16 what those who here seems
quite interesting but we have to have
attention with the final version because
own and no longer strange that once in
that presents us with a demo and after
final game not completely
quite different from the
de vale coxinha present it and in my
opinion is often worse than not okay
it would be better for me think these
it was the news that came up
So I'm there as I wrote at the beginning.
video and excel help and a strength and
size of fifa broadcasts because
also with them and this is not written
on the channel to transmit the channel to finish
about fifa feet in English more varied
jobs and a bit about my
life for a little bit of everything right and only
so the next video and smoke wii